(engine revving)
(exciting music)
♪ RuPaul's Drag Race ♪
- [RuPaul] The winner
of RuPaul's Drag Race
receives a one-year supply
of Anastasia Beverly Hills
Cosmetics.
And a grand prize of $100.000.
Powered by Cash App.
With extra special guest judge,
Lizzo!
♪ RuPaul's Drag Race ♪
♪ May the best Drag Queen
win, best Drag Queen win ♪
(suspenseful music)
Season 14, let's go.
- Hola.
(exciting music)
I hope you guys are ready to be
slayed,
'cause it's hunting season,
bitches.
Hello world, my name is Alyssa
Hunter.
And I'm from the beautiful
island of Puerto Rico.
Ooh, I'm the first one?
Always number one.
(upbeat dance music)
I have a big reputation in
Puerto Rico.
I won the four most important
pageants in the island.
Finally here! Yes!
Alyssa Hunter, she's a pageant
queen,
but also she can dance.
She can be funny.
She is a superstar.
Girl, this is caliente.
This Hunter is ready, Mira,
to take the crown to Puerto
Rico.
Let me see, I look good?
Bitch, I always look good!
(lively music)
- All right.
Let's get out there today
and make a difference.
(upbeat music)
My name is Bosco,
and I'm here to show the world
that I'm not just some
skanky alternative girl from
Seattle.
I'm the skanky alternative
girl from Seattle.
(laughing)
(upbeat music)
Hi beauty.
I'm Bosco.
- Bosco, nice to meet you.
I'm from Puerto Rico.
- Lovely, I'm from Seattle.
The demon queen of Seattle.
- Bosco looks like a angry
Minnie Mouse, for me, year.
You are the devil of the season?
- I would say so.
- Ooh!
- I have a big bag of tricks.
I've done, like, Sylvia
Plath spoken word numbers.
I've done Lady Gaga, Britney
mega-mixes.
I've done a lot of burlesque.
I feel like, very like,
if the Teletubbies has as devil.
- Ooh, yeah!
- Like I think
that's kind of what we're going
towards.
- Got the horns, yeah.
- I'm very competitive.
And I'm saving room in my
carry-on
to bring the crown back
with me to Seattle.
(exciting music)
- Is you hungry?
'Cause bitch, I'm baked.
Ow!
America, don't adjust your TV.
I'm this fat in person.
Boom.
(laughing)
My name is Kornbread "The
Snatch" Jete,
and honey, the bakery is
officially open.
Hi!
- Hey.
- Oh, which...
It is hard for me to put in
words
how excited I am walking
into the Werk Room.
- Where are you based,
Kornbread?
- LA, I'm a Los Angeles Queen.
- Oh work.
- Yay, I love that.
- Yeah, I was born in South
Carolina
but I'm like a LA Drag Queen.
- You are the hometown queen
right now.
- Yeah, that way when they write
my check,
they just can deliver it to
me.
- Oh baby, well.
(laughing)
- So what kind of drag do you
do?
What are you, a performer?
dancer?
- I do everything.
I'm a very versatile queen.
- Oh (beep) and everything.
Now let me tell you,
when people be like they
like to do everything, child
they cut to them not doing
everything-
- Oh sorry bitch!
- I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
I'm excited to make sisters.
I'm excited to be making
friends.
I'm excited to eat up
all y'all craft services.
But, um, baby, I'm trying to
win. (laughing)
(exciting music)
- Ooh?
- Where am I?
(laughing)
(upbeat music)
- Paris Hilton is here.
- My name is Willow Pill,
and I'm an adorably twisted
little doll.
- The fucking shirt says
"Angle."
(laughing)
(music resumes)
- Every Willow look is a
different story,
and this girl just
wants money and jewelry,
and hot dogs.
- I think she went in the wrong
show.
Willow's look...
(shady music)
- Girl, I think she left
her shoes at the hotel.
- We got the pool sandal.
- When they said California,
and she thought they meant the
beach.
(laughing)
- Hi children of the lord!
Hi girls.
- Oh my goodness.
- Oh my god, I'm the devil to
your angle.
Come here!
- I'm Willow.
- Hi, Kornbre
I like those shoes.
Comfy couture.
(laughing)
- Are you playing the
Snatch Game right now,
like Paris Hilton?
- Oh, no no no.
- Legally Blonde?
- This is completely me.
- Oh that's completely you.
Oh okay.
This is your signature style.
- Yeah, absolutely.
- Oh okay.
- Tell us about you, Willow.
I done talked to these hoes too
much.
- I have not been in drag,
in like, over a year.
- What?
- Because of COVID.
So, this is my big dip back into
drag.
So we'll see how it goes.
- You should be the most
comfortable,
when you came in here
in those fluffy shoes.
- Yeah.
(laughing)
- Oh shit!
- Glasses!
- Well.
- So what is your aesthetic?
- I see that, the little angel,
oh, again?
Baby, what's happening?
- Sis, just put them in your
purse.
You're gonna have to
just let that spirit go.
Miss Willow baby is just
a little bit nervous.
Shaking in her boots,
or flip flops.
(suspenseful music)
- I have one thing to say.
Baby you already know
every kiss begins with a K.
(upbeat dance music)
I am Kerri Colby,
and I'm here to be your
new viral obsession.
My drag style and aesthetic
is very bodacious.
(laughing)
Big boobs, no waist, big butt.
I am wearing the transgender
flag colors.
I'm letting people know who I
am.
From my hair down to my toes,
bitch.
I am white, blue, and pink.
- Oh my gosh.
(lively music)
Kerri is like,
it's like looking in the sun.
It hurts my eyes because
she's so gorgeous.
- Miss thing, miss thing!
- Hi!
- Oh my god.
- What's up? How are you?
- Kornbread is my good Judy.
I know her from LA, she's a LA
sister.
- I am so excited to see you.
It's about to be a full on ki,
honey.
- Aunties Anonymous, honey.
(all laughing)
- Are you doing pageants before?
- I have not done pageants,
but my drag mother, she won
Continental.
- Oh, where's your drag mother?
- Sasha Colby.
- Sasha (beep).
- My drag mother is pretty
well known to the community.
She's an amazing performer,
and she is a Miss Continental
winner.
- I can't stop looking at you.
- Oh my god, thank you!
Look all you want, honey.
- Take it in.
(laughing)
- I definitely feel eyes on me.
They seem to be eating
up that Kerri fantasy.
I mean, stare some more if you
want.
(laughing)
(exciting music)
- Grab a fork, ladies,
Jambalaya is served.
- Bitch, that's June.
- Hello everyone, I'm June
Jambalaya.
Imagine if Megan Thee
Stallion and Phaedra Parks
had a baby.
That's June Jambalaya.
She is southern, savage.
She has on her Emilio Coochie
jumpsuit.
I am ready to sprinkle seasoning
all up and through this bitch.
- June!
(laughing)
They done let you in the
damn building, bitch.
June and I definitely go back.
That's my sister, I love her.
Super talented, and a label
whore.
June will spend money on some
damn stuff.
Don't care if it fit or not,
June gonna buy it.
- I see ass, honey.
- Yeah, it's, no, it's real.
(Queens wailing)
- We got a whole country
meal in here, bitch.
- Yeah yeah.
- June Jambalaya
and the Kornbread.
- You eat it together.
- Yeah, and we eat it on
the beach with her shoes.
(all laughing)
- I'm here, and in the
words of Effie White,
you're gonna love me.
Team Chunky.
- Baby thicker than a Snicker,
honey.
- Yes, honey, more
curves than a race track.
(all laughing)
(suspenseful music)
(high pitch shrieking)
- What am I hearing?
Was that a whistle tone?
(beep)
- Hello, RuPaul?
Yes, we've been trying to reach
you
regarding your car's extended
warranty.
Oh perfect.
Well then I just have one
more question for you.
Are you ready boots?
- Opening paragraph.
(exciting music)
- My name is Orion Story,
and I am West Michigan's
premiere fem bot.
I wanted to start off with a
bang,
starting off obnoxious and
crazy,
and show these girls that
I did not come to play.
- Hi.
- Don't worry, it's not a real
burger.
In N Out.
- Ooh.
(laughing)
- Tell us about you.
Who are you, where are you from,
and all that good stuff.
- I'm from Grand Rapids,
Michigan.
The first girl representing
- Nice.
- Ooh. (clapping)
- So I'd say I'm pretty campy.
I love puppets, I love bright
colors.
- Yes.
(upbeat music)
- The best way that I
could describe Orion Story
is if you took Barbarella,
put her on a runway
in the middle of Sesame Street.
- I'm living for this
silhouette.
Body everything.
- I made everything that I'm
wearing.
- Yes!
- You're giving me a little bit
of like,
Lana del Rey vibes.
- I get that a lot.
(siren wailing)
- [RuPaul] Ooh, girl!
She done already done had
herses.
(suspenseful music)
- That alarm sounded a little
early.
That immediately tells me
it's gonna be a one-two punch.
- There's only seven of us,
so clearly, this is a split
premiere.
- Alright, half and half.
Here we go.
I feel good about their
splitting us up.
There only being seven of us
gives me plenty of time to
like, grab the spotlight.
- My queens!
(Queens exclaiming)
Welcome to RuPaul's Drag Race.
A magical place, no doubt,
where you can go tuck yourself.
Or let it all hang out.
So open your heart, and take a
deep dive.
'Cause Queen, you better pop
that pussy
if you want to survive.
- Yes!
- [All] Woo!
(suspenseful music)
- Hello hello hello!
(Queens cheering)
- Yes!
- Mother!
- My Queens, you made it.
Welcome to the season premiere
of RuPaul's Drag Race.
(Queens cheering)
Now, Drag Race is all over the
world,
but I gotta say,
I can't get enough of that
original recipe, honey.
American charisma,
uniqueness, nerve, and talent?
Mm, mm, mm, finger-licking good.
(all laughing)
Now, to get to know each of you
better,
we are introducing the season 14
Queens
over two episodes.
And you are the first to arrive.
- Woo!
- Fresh out the oven, girl.
- But don't be doing no
half-steppin'.
(suspenseful music)
Because the competition starts
now.
And before this premiere episode
is over,
one of you will sashay away.
(suspenseful music)
What, does that upset you?
Oh don't get mad, get
everything.
- Cha-ching.
- Now, for our first big
opening,
I want to kick things off
with a freaky photo shoot.
(laughing)
Are y'all ready for your
closeup?
- Yes!
- Yes, Mr. DeVille.
- I'll be the judge of that.
- Oh (beep)
(shady music)
- Let's go!
(suspenseful music)
- It just got real.
I am (beep) bricks.
It is nerves.
I am shaking like a stripper
on a Friday night, honey.
(upbeat dance music)
- Alyssa Hunter.
- Hello.
- Hey lady.
Say hello to celebrity
photographer, Albert Sanchez.
- Hi!
- For today's photo shoot,
you need to serve face face
face.
And you'll be doing it on this
spinning,
grand finale lip sync smack
down for the crown wheel.
- What?
I am freaking out right now.
- We will decide if your
face will belong there.
- My first time here and I'm
gonna die in the first day.
(suspenseful music)
Oh my god.
- Yes, Pit Crew.
Strap her in.
- Oh my god, this is crazy.
- When was the last time you had
two men
put you in a harness?
- Last night, oh no, just
kidding.
- Now, of course, your camera is
out here.
We're going to start the spin.
- Oh, I don't know about this,
do this.
- Release the Kraken.
And here we go.
Model, model.
(camera clicking)
Woo, spin that wheel, spin that
wheel.
Yes.
Can you go a little faster?
(laughing)
- Baby, I feel like Hurricane
Maria
spinning all around and round
(wooing).
(suspenseful music)
I don't see anything right now.
I just only see RuPaul's face
like this.
(RuPauls laughing)
(lively music)
Tookoo tookoo tookoo.
- Yes, honey, you are roast
killing it.
Yes, fantastic.
(spitting)
June Jambalaya!
- I'm going up there?
- You're going up there.
- Ooh, okay.
(laughing)
I'm about to get harnessed
up on this thing,
and spin my big ass around
like a god damn Ferris wheel.
- Alright so let's turn some
looks.
Yes June, let them have it.
What's she got in that
Jambalaya?
I know she got some mango.
She got some ham.
She got some celery.
(laughing)
- Like, that's not Jambalaya.
- I don't know what's in
Jambalaya!
Please welcome to the wheel,
Willow Pill.
It's a whittle itty-bitty pill.
You want a big pill or
you want a Willow Pill?
Hi, Willow Pill.
- Hello, RuPaul.
- You are a Willow Pill.
- Very little one.
- Fellas, would you help her up?
Spin that wheel, Pit Crew.
Bruno and Bryce.
(Willow wailing)
Yeah, party!
- I feel like I'm gonna
throw up, first of all.
My hair's going everywhere,
and my panties are coming out.
- [RuPaul] Oh, I think
I can see your religion.
- But I thrive being thrown
around.
That sounded really dirty.
- [RuPaul] Woo!
You look like a young Angelyne.
- Ugh!
(laughing)
- Orion Story.
(exciting music)
Let's see how grand your rapids
are.
- The wheels are spinning,
physically and in my head.
- Let's see you have a glamorous
headache.
Now stroke those handles.
(laughing)
Orion, the greatest story ever
spun.
Do you ever have vertigo, Bosco?
- No, but I've been told
that my head's great.
(laughing)
Out of drag, I look like a
piece of peeled string cheese.
But in drag, I know how to make
it work.
- [RuPaul] Face face face.
What was the hardest part of
doing this?
- Me.
(laughing)
- Keep calm and Kerri Colby.
Let's go around the world.
Round the world with Kerri
Colby.
Yes, work that camera.
- What the (beep) kind of
Wheel of Fortune (beep) is this?
I am not a ferret,
(lively music)
or a rabbit, or a hamster.
None of the above.
I am not a ferret.
(laughing)
I don't think they run around on
wheels.
(laughing)
But I'm not one!
(upbeat music)
- She looks like Spinda
Evangelista.
Kornbread with a K.
Spin that wheel, spin that
wheel.
Come on, Kornbread, yes,
Kornbread.
Oh Kornbread, you just stopped.
Oh, Kornbread's turning the
(beep) around.
- Hell yeah!
- Kornbread goes,
turn that damn thing over-
(laughing)
- Wait, is that me spinning it
now?
(laughing)
Bitch, I thought they was on the
side!
- Kornbread's turning back time!
(laughing)
My Queens.
(all exclaiming)
Now, you all did a wheelie good
job.
The winner of today's mini
challenge is,
Kerri Colby.
(all applaud)
- Girl, I'm excited as hell that
I won.
I thought that all them
pictures was just gonna be-
- You've won a cash prize of
$2500,
courtesy of JJ Malibu.
- Damn! Okay.
(laughing)
- Now, my Queens,
if you thought that was
dizzying,
just you wait.
(laughing)
Now, for your very first maxi
challenge,
we're putting on a show.
You will be performing at the
prestigious
Charisma, Nerve, and Talent
Show.
The CNT's.
Where the only thing that's
missing is U.
(all laughing)
Take a minute to figure that
out.
(all laughing)
Brought to you by RuPaul's Drag
Race
Werq The World Tour.
Tickets on sale now at
VossEvents.com.
(cheering and clapping)
So ladies, whether you
sing, dance, or decoupage,
this is your chance to let the
world see
what you do best.
- Yes, honey, a talent show.
We love to see it.
What's gonna really separate
the girls who have it
and the girls who don't.
- Alright, racers, start your
engines,
(suspenseful music)
and may the best Drag Queen win.
(cheering and clapping)
- The game has begun, y'all.
We are at the top of the roller
coaster,
and this (beep) is about to
drop.
(exciting music)
- Where's the Pit Crew?
We did the first mini challenge.
The lease is signed, honey.
We are moving in the Werk Room.
- I knew you was a top, June.
I know you was a top, bitch.
(laughing)
I'm excited to get out of drag,
'cause you know, this is
where you really get to see
who the girls are.
'Cause they look real pretty
with the foundation on their
face,
but what y'all look like up up
under here?
- Oh.
- Get this shit off of me!
- What?
Bosco has the biggest
transformation.
I do not recognize her at all.
- Is this your real hair?
- Yeah.
- Wow, I love it.
Love it.
Give me some wig!
To me, the hottest in
the group out of drag,
obviously is me.
(laughing)
Just kidding, just kidding.
Hi.
- Oh (beep).
- How are you guys?
- That's that Puerto Rico.
- Yeah.
- Damn!
(upbeat music)
Hey Miss Alyssa.
- Now she Willy.
(laughing)
Now she Willy.
- Way to, I knew it.
- She will be
your slice of Kornbread.
- Up under there.
(laughing)
- When I say that is a handsome
Latin man,
I was like, oh.
Como estas, como estas, hola.
(upbeat music)
- Jesus Christ,
you went from a grown woman to
12.
- And it's Macaulay Culkin.
(all laughing)
- Miss Willow went from
somebody's cook-a-hoe housewife,
to a child, right in the magic
of my face.
I am gooped, gagged, and
gandered.
- You look like five years old,
bitch.
- Oh thank you.
(laughing)
- Bitch, isn't the age limit?
What's the age limit?
I'm about to call CPS,
'cause I said somebody is
missing their kid up in here.
- Wait, how old are you?
- I'm 26.
- Okay.
Alright, we'll allow that.
- These queens were
already underestimating
my entrance look, and now
they see me out of drag,
they're underestimating me even
more.
I have all the surprises in the
world
in store for these girls.
- So what's everyone doing
for their talent show number?
- Oh, competitive eating.
(laughing)
I'm not even joking.
- You're not even-
- Yeah yeah yeah.
- I'm ready to see it happen.
- I'm gonna try to eat
120 hot dogs in 60 seconds.
- Ooh, that's a talent, bitch.
- What the (beep) are you doing
tomorrow?
- No, I'm 100% eating.
Eating hot dogs.
They believing it,
but the bread not doing that,
miss thing.
I will be lip syncing to my
original song.
But I'm about to eat gas up on
this stage.
(upbeat music)
- Hey dolls.
(all exclaiming)
I'm here to do some talent
scouting.
(all laughing)
Alright, Kerri Colby.
I own 51% of this company.
- Hello, how are you?
- I'm doing great.
Were you aware of the show
"The Colby's" and "Dynasty"
when you chose your name?
- Yes.
My grandmother, who
designed the House of Colby,
based it off of the Dynasty
Colby's from the 80s.
- Yes.
(laughing)
- I had to reach.
My drag house is the Colby
Dynasty.
It's a drag family that
originates from Hawaii.
All of them are sickening
performers.
And I'm so ready to show
that I am one of the fiercest
Colby's in the house.
- Where are you from originally?
- I'm originally from Dallas,
Texas.
- You don't have a southern
accent.
- My mom, growing up,
was very on top me when
it came to how I spoke.
I wasn't really allowed
to speak too twang-ish.
- Your mom sounds like
quite the task-master.
Are you still friends with her?
- It's complicated,
but she's super evangelical.
She's Pentecostal.
- Really?
- [Kerri] Yeah.
- So tell me about your talent.
- I'm going to be doing
something
I used to do competitively when
I was 14.
I'm doing jump roping.
- Oh that sounds fun.
Like double Dutch-ing?
- I did used to do that,
but I'm gonna be doing kind of
like
a single showcase.
- What got you into that?
- I was home schooled,
and my mom wanted me to stay
active,
and there was a jump rope team
at a place called Shady Shores
Elementary.
(laughing)
I know.
And I picked it up, got better
and better,
and within the end of that year,
they enrolled me in the
nationals competition.
- From Shady Shores to the
Nationals.
- Period!
- I love it.
- Jump roping, it was something
that like,
brought me joy in a
time of a lot of chaos.
- Thank you Miss Kerri Colby.
- Bye.
But it's gonna be tricky because
I have not touched a jump
rope in about 10 years.
- Alright June Jambalaya, come
on over.
How would you categorize
your style of drag?
- June is cla-tchet.
- She's cla-tchet?
- Classy-ratchet.
- Alright, I can get with that.
Where are you from, June?
- Jacksonville, Florida.
- And you live in Los Angeles
now.
- I live in LA.
I've been here eight years.
- What brought you out here?
- I transferred from Orlando
to go to school for fine arts
here.
Musical theater, dance, vocal.
But I think dance was
like, what stuck with me.
- You mean, "donce" don't you?
- Donce, darling.
- So what's your talent gonna
be?
- African dance.
- Ooh, that's gonna be
interesting.
Is that gonna be your
edge over the other girls?
- Yeah, it is.
Let me not be shy, it is.
I can't have a name like
Jambalaya,
and come out there giving
the people white rice.
That just ain't gonna happen.
- [RuPaul] Well, you have fun
out there.
- I need to pull out all
my big Black girl magic,
and deliver tomorrow.
- Orion Story.
(dance music)
You fancy yourself a Drag Daniel
Boone?
- Yeah, like a dandelion.
- Dandelion Boone.
- Yeah.
- It's very interesting
watching your audition tape.
Very introspective.
- Absolutely.
- Where does that come from?
You spend a lot of time alone?
- Yeah.
Growing up, my family
was super dysfunctional,
so I spent a lot of time
in my room by myself,
just crafting, making my
own clothes, and like,
recreating red carpet looks and
stuff.
(RuPaul laughs)
- So tell me about your talent.
- I thought I was gonna
do a little comedy skit.
Kind of aerobics, trailer park
fantasy.
- Well just make sure that
when you get out there
on that stage, you are full
throttle.
I can't wait to see the story
unfold
before our very eyes.
Thank you.
- Yeah.
- Alright, Willow Pill.
- Hi Ru.
- Now,
you're an oddball, aren't ya?
- I think so.
- Do you have a tribe of people?
- I do.
I think, honestly, Yvie
helped me find my odd side.
- [RuPaul] Yvie Oddly,
and how did you meet Yvie?
- I met her at my very
first drag show that I did.
And I got to know her when I
actually made
a little documentary
about her for college.
- Where'd you get your sense of
humor?
- Darkness.
That's always the case, isn't
it?
- It is.
- Tell me about your darkness.
- I grew up chronically ill my
whole life,
and there was just a lot of
trauma there.
And I thought, why not make it
funny?
- Exactly.
What is your chronic illness?
- It's called cystinosis.
And it just blocks your kidneys
and your eyeballs and your
fingers.
- Wow.
- It grows little
crystals in your eyes.
It's very glamorous, yes.
(laughing)
- Oh my goodness.
I'm having fun with Willow Pill.
So what are you gonna do for
your talent?
Are you gonna get up on stage
and shoot a documentary?
- I'm actually gonna do
like a mix of a lip sync,
and a self care tutorial.
- Okay.
- For my talent,
I want to tell a story about me.
My drag is very chaotic,
and I don't know if people
are gonna understand it.
So, fingers crossed?
It'll be funny.
- Okay, I'll be the judge of
that.
Alright, I'll see you out there.
- Willow Pillow seems like, I
don't know
what she's doing for her talent.
I feel worried about her.
- [Producer] Willow Pill.
- Ah, it's not Pillow?
(gentle music)
Pillow or Pill?
- [Producer] Willow Pill.
- Oh, it's Willow Pill.
Oh, (beep), oh I thought
it was Willow Pillow.
Oh my god.
(laughing)
Sorry!
- Alright lady-kins, gather
'round.
Tomorrow, we will be joined
by our extra special guest
judge,
Lizzo!
(all cheering)
- Oh my god!
- Bitch, I am the number one
Lizzo impersonator here in LA.
I coined that title myself.
So baby, I'm excited.
- Oh, and a gentle reminder.
That tomorrow, I will be asking
one of you
to sashay away.
Because I am 100% that bitch.
(all laughing)
- Lizzo is literally about to be
sitting
right in front of me.
I'm gonna be spitting bars
in front of one of my biggest
idols.
So, no pressure, girl.
No pressure at all.
(upbeat electronic music)
- It's a new day, people.
Let's get to it!
(popping mouth)
- It's time to hurry up
and get ready for this talent
show
extravaganza, darling.
- Time to paint.
- I am thrilled and I am very
excited.
There's a few butterflies in my
stomach.
No tea, no Asia O'Hara.
I gotta get my spirit together.
- [Kerri] Ooh, hey
where'd you get that from?
- Girl, I brought my own smudge.
This is some sage spray,
'cause of the spirits.
(laughing)
Bitches like to bring demons,
hoe!
- The demons run from that,
child.
(laughing)
(upbeat music)
- Babies, how are we
feeling about talent show?
- Super excited, ready, you
know.
- Yass.
- Good to be me.
- So are you playing any
instruments?
Is that what's happening?
- Yeah, I play the guitar.
I love rock and roll.
(rock music)
I think this rock and roll,
kind of think metally,
you know, ra la la la la.
So it's very different.
And you, how are you feeling?
- I'm feeling really cute about
my act.
I'm very comfortable with the
routine,
but there's a lot of moving
parts.
For the talent show,
(lively music)
I will be doing burlesque.
Something that I really
like to do with my act
is combine sexy with a
little bit of stupid.
It like really cements the fact
that I'm in on the joke.
There's eventually gonna
be, like, 14 of us.
What can we do right now
to catch their attention?
This is my chance to set the
pace
for this set of girls.
(upbeat music)
- You're from Texas originally,
yeah.
- I'm from Dallas, Texas.
- Hold on, bitch, 'cause
Miss Bread is up here
doing something with these
brows.
(laughing)
- Kornbread makes me feel so
comfortable.
We bring out the Auntie in each
other.
- We met in the little bar,
honey.
Kiki-ing with each other.
- We did.
There was a night in LA
that we were both hosting at a
club,
and very quickly I was like,
this bitch is like from my same
galaxy.
It touched my spirit.
- Yeah.
- It was one of those
spirit-touching moments, you
know?
- You know I'm a spirit hoe.
- Baby, me too.
It took me coming to LA
and learning that the south
needs Jesus,
even though they think they-
- Even though they think, baby.
- They think they have Jesus,
but I don't know what
kind of Jesus they got.
- [Kornbread] I grew
up in the church scene,
very much.
- Same.
- I remember when I
was in church one time,
and the pastor brought me
up in front of everybody.
- Oh, they love to embarrass.
- It was terrible.
- They put on a show.
- And he was like, pushing my
stomach.
And was like, "you got a
lot of demons" and all this bull
shit.
It was like, pushing me, bitch.
And I'm just like, you're trying
it.
But I am a very petty human
being here.
So he was just pushing
and pushing and pushing.
And bitch, I let out a demon,
and I farted right on his ass.
(laughing)
I (beep) you not.
- Wait, wait.
(laughing)
- Because he was pushing me.
- I am so glad you did that,
though.
- Absolutely, 'cause you can
kiss my ass.
You're not about to make
me feel no kind of way.
(upbeat music)
(siren wailing)
- [RuPaul] Ooh, girl!
She done already done had
herses.
- You've got to be kidding me.
- Is that RuMail I hear?
I'm like, mm-mm, something ain't
right.
- Oh my god.
Rig the Morris.
(suspenseful music)
- Hey Queens, it's me, Lizzo.
(Queens wailing)
Look over there!
(suspenseful music)
Hi my Queens!
(queens screaming)
Hi y'all!
It's me, Lizzo!
- I know, bitch!
- I can't believe Lizzo's
in front of my face,
and I look so half-baked.
- I went rogue.
I don't have much time.
Congratulations, first of all.
- [All] Thank you!
- Welcome to RuPaul's Drag Race.
Your life is about to change
forever.
So just embrace it.
Soak it up.
Be a mother fucking star.
Oop, I mean a mother-tucking
star.
(all laughing)
And show these bitches who's
boss.
Now who gonna win?
- [All] Me!
- One more time, when I say who
gonna win,
I need you to say mother (beep)
me!
- Okay.
- Who gonna win?
- [All] Mother (beep) me!
- Okay bitch, I believe you.
I felt that in my Shonda, right
here.
(all laughing)
I felt it in my Shonda
Rhimes right down here.
You like this dress?
- Yeah!
- You get the front, you get the
back.
(all cheering)
You get the mother (beep) snack.
Well, I love y'all.
I gotta go, 'cause they gonna
find my ass,
I'm gonna be in trouble, okay?
- Bye!
- Bye Lizzo!
- Love you!
- Thank you, hoe.
Don't look at my ass.
- Shake your little ass, ya!
Throw it back!
(all laughing)
- Bye!
- Yes.
- Oh my god.
- Bitch, her body is everything.
- Lizzo just fired us the (beep)
up,
and the energy in the room now
is definitely a lot more hype.
- That just literally woke me
up, bitch.
I am ready to go.
- Yes.
- We are giving you America's
Got Talent,
but like, remix that,
that's Ru-merica's Got Talent.
Every bitch is bringing a
strong contending talent.
We have an African dance,
we have a rock and roll session.
Bosco, chicken and waffles,
is gonna be giving us a
burlesque number.
Willow, I'm not sure what Willow
is doing.
But, it's gonna be a good
show to watch, America.
- I'm gonna have to make it good
as hell.
(suspenseful music)
(RuPaul laughs)
(electronic music)
♪ Remember what I told ya ♪
(judges cheering)
♪ Get up on your feet, get up ♪
♪ Keep walking, stand up ♪
♪ One foot in front of the
other, baby ♪
♪ All on me ♪
♪ Well if talk is cheap ♪
♪ Let your body speak ♪
♪ And I know and I know ♪
♪ How to get where you want to
be ♪
♪ You're a show on your own ♪
♪ Come on, let everybody see ♪
♪ 'Cause when we're in the light
♪
♪ We taste the sweet life ♪
♪ So walk how you feel like ♪
♪ Your catwalk ♪
♪ Everywhere you go ♪
♪ Everybody knows ♪
♪ You're somebody ♪
♪ The way you work that body ♪
♪ Catwalk ♪
♪ Everywhere you go today ♪
♪ Like the world is your runway
♪
(judges cheering)
(music resumes)
♪ Your catwalk ♪
♪ Everywhere you go today ♪
♪ Like the world is your runway
♪
♪ She not playing with you ♪
♪ You can tell by the
way she sashay with you ♪
♪ Praise for her ♪
♪ Critical acclaim for her ♪
♪ It's a new world for y'all,
another Tuesday for her ♪
♪ Catwalk ♪
♪ Like the world is your runway
♪
♪ Catwalk ♪
(judges clapping)
(upbeat music)
- Welcome to the main stage
of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Michelle, what'd you think
of my new song, "Catwalk?"
- That was great! Do it again!
- Shut up.
(laughing)
The hilarious Ross Mathews.
Are you enjoying my big opening?
- Oh Ru, I'm flattered.
And you know I love a big
opening.
But, I'm taken.
- You're engaged!
(clapping)
Mazel tov!
- Yay!
- Thank you.
- Oh that's fabulous.
- And the incredible Lizzo.
I heard you snuck into the Werk
Room.
- Oh, all the Ru-mors are true,
Ru.
(all laughing)
You see what I did there?
- Well, I sure hope my girls
were decent.
- Oh hell no.
But that's why I love me
some drag queens, hoe.
(laughing)
- Come on, Thunder Dome.
Racers, start your engines,
and may the best drag queen win!
(suspenseful music)
Welcome to the CNTs.
Brought to you by RuPaul's Drag
Race
Werq The World Tour.
First up, June Jambalaya.
(upbeat African music)
- Come on bitch.
- She is fierce!
- Shake it.
- You better shake it out.
(music resumes)
- Yes!
- Yeah roll, bitch!
Yeah roll!
I live for the energy
that Miss June gives.
(music resumes)
But baby, her hair band keep
on falling over her face.
(music resumes)
I would've glued that hair
band down a little bit.
(music resumes)
There she go.
(all cheering, clapping)
- Was it perfect? No.
Did I deliver a talent? Yes.
(upbeat music)
- [RuPaul] Up next, Bosco.
(sultry music)
(judges clapping)
- Give me some roses!
- Oh, come on, you little
(beep).
(cheering)
(music resumes)
Take it off, yeah!
Bosco told us she was gonna be
naked.
But I didn't know she was
gonna get naked like that.
(all clapping, laughing)
(upbeat music)
- Give it up for Alyssa Hunter.
(intense rock music)
♪ I'm so bored with ♪
♪ This world that spins around
me ♪
♪ Used to make me dizzy ♪
♪ And I'm so tired of ♪
♪ These boys that hang around me
♪
♪ They used to drive me crazy ♪
- This is very different for who
I am.
From this beauty queen
to this metal kind of
rock and roll kind of, ah.
This is a competition,
and I need to take risks.
♪ It'll make him never hurt
anyone ♪
♪ How am I gonna get
some get some get some ♪
- Wait a minute.
There's no chord on that guitar.
♪ I'm gonna get some get some 1
2 3 4 ♪
- She said she was playing the
guitar,
not "playing" guitar.
(all cheering, clapping)
(upbeat music)
- [RuPaul] Up next, Kerri Colby.
♪ Boy toy named Troy
used to live in Detroit ♪
♪ Big dick, big money ♪
♪ He was getting some coins ♪
♪ Was in shootouts with the law
♪
♪ But he live in a palace ♪
♪ Bought me Alexander McQueen ♪
♪ He was keeping me stylish ♪
♪ I'm on some dumb shit ♪
♪ By the way, what he say ♪
♪ He can tell I ain't missing no
meals ♪
♪ Come through and check
him in my automobile ♪
♪ Let him with his grills ♪
♪ He keep telling me to chill ♪
♪ He keep telling me it's real ♪
♪ That he love my sex appeal ♪
♪ He said he don't like 'em bony
♪
♪ He wants something he can grab
♪ So I pull up in a Jag ♪
♪ And I hit him with a jab ♪
♪ Like dun dun dun dun,
my anaconda don't ♪
♪ My anaconda don't ♪
(queens exclaiming)
♪ My anaconda don't want none ♪
♪ Unless you got buns hon ♪
♪ Don't, my anaconda don't ♪
♪ Don't want none ♪
♪ Unless you got buns, hon ♪
(queens exclaiming)
♪ Oh my gosh ♪
(all clapping)
♪ Look at her butt ♪
♪ Oh my gosh ♪
♪ I got a big fat ♪
(all cheering, clapping)
- Miss Kerri was great.
If I saw that at the club,
I would absolutely give her my
money.
(laughing and clapping)
- Welcome back to the CNTs.
Please welcome Orion Story.
(country music)
(coughing, hacking)
- Sorry I'm late, class.
I found a couple pills in
the bottom of my purse,
and I rested my eyes for a
couple days.
(laughing coyly)
Hi name's Sue Stroker.
Number one aerobics instructor
in all of Whispering Oaks
Trailer Park.
Yes, hold your applause.
Well, we don't have much
time left in class today.
I'm sorry, I dropped the ball on
that one.
But, I want to leave you all
with one important position,
that's gonna tone the thighs,
strengthen the arms,
and it's gonna lift the girls.
Yeah, I call this one the
Stroker 5000.
Fun fact, in South America,
they call this the horn dog corn
dog.
You just have to get it real
tight,
and you're gonna stroke back,
and forth.
- Orion, I'm a little bit, um,
confused.
- I can go a little faster,
but I'm not going to,
'cause I got a hot shit in the
chamber.
(all laughing)
And I guarantee if you do
this three hours a day,
you're gonna feel 30 years
younger.
When in doubt, stroke it out.
- Alright.
(clapping)
- I know she wrote it herself,
but um, maybe she should've, you
know,
got a ghost writer to help.
'Cause it's not bad, it's just,
not good.
(clapping)
- Up next, it's Kornbread with a
K.
(upbeat dance music)
♪ They be like, Kornbread is
the mother tucking snack ♪
♪ Then I drop it like a meal ♪
♪ Talk butch with a real pussy
feel ♪
♪ Season 14, you know the deal ♪
♪ I give a beat face ♪
♪ Big thick titties, slim waist
♪
♪ It's your homie Ding Ding, on
bass ♪
♪ Fresh up out the box like
Shangela ♪
♪ Cut crease on chill, that's
angular ♪
♪ You can't handle her ♪
♪ It's the me for you ♪
♪ RuPaul give the bread a call ♪
♪ She said, niece, if you wanted
♪
♪ You can slay them all ♪
♪ Pause, bitch ♪
♪ My ingredients ♪
♪ I eat you up, you know
I be the greediest ♪
♪ And I ain't come to
clown for the crown ♪
♪ But the bread in the bag ♪
♪ Before I pull my mask down ♪
♪ Booking fee, 100K,
next city, next town ♪
♪ Pump pose, gas up the stove ♪
- Love it!
(laughing)
♪ I said, pump pose, gas up the
stove ♪
♪ Serve it up hot ♪
♪ It's too thick, it's too thick
♪
♪ I said, pump, pose, gas up the
stove ♪
♪ Serve it up hot ♪
♪ It's too thick when it's cold
♪
♪ I said pump, pose, gas up the
stove ♪
(all laughing, clapping)
♪ It's too thick, it's too
thick, bitch ♪
(judges laughing, clapping)
- When Kornbread does this.
(laughing)
(all laughing)
She is everything.
- Alright child.
She ain't no big pill.
She's a Willow Pill.
("Only Time" by Enya)
♪ Who can say where the road
goes ♪
♪ Where the day flows ♪
♪ Only time ♪
♪ And who can say if your love
grows ♪
♪ As your heart shows ♪
♪ Only time ♪
(ethereal vocalizing)
(music resumes)
- What the fuck am I looking
at?
(music resumes)
♪ Who can say if your love grows
♪
♪ As your heart shows ♪
♪ Only time ♪
(all laughing)
(RuPaul cackling)
(clapping)
(upbeat music)
- I know I talked shit
about your flip flops.
With the little shoes.
(all laughing)
But baby, I understand Willow
now.
That was chaotic in the best way
possible.
(all clapping)
♪ The world is your runway ♪
- Tonight on the runway,
category is signature
show-stopping drag.
Up first, June Jambalaya.
Now, you've heard of June Gloom.
This is June Glam.
(judges exclaiming)
- [June] Y'all know Miss
June love a jumpsuit, babies.
I got a train on my left
and my right shoulder.
Honey, these hips and ass is
sittin'.
This is hot Southern girl
shit.
- [Lizzo] I can see her
glit-oris.
(judges laughing)
(music resumes)
- [RuPaul] Bosco.
- [Lizzo] Do I make you horny,
baby?
(judges laughing)
- [Bosco] This is pretty
quintessential Bosco.
It's a little bit of Mugler,
a little bit Lovecraftian.
It's like if Dita Von Teese went
to hell
and took over.
- [RuPaul] My horns are up here.
- [Michelle] And up here.
(RuPaul giggling)
- [RuPaul] Alyssa Hunter.
- [Ross] Eliza Doing More.
(judges laughing)
- [Alyssa] Right now I give you
all
the whole My Fair Lady fantasy.
This is ostrich feathers, not
chicken feathers here, baby.
I just want to show that
I can be a pageant queen,
but at the same time, I
can be a fierce queen.
- [RuPaul] Opulence.
- [Lizzo] Yeah.
- You owe everyone.
(judges laughing)
Kerri Colby, from Colby Co.
(Lizzo laughing)
- [Ross] Did you get that at K
Mart?
(judges laughing)
- [Kerri] I am a Leo Queen,
so you definitely can peep the
lions.
They are stoned out because
I am all about that drama.
I'm feeling my rich bitch
fantasy.
I'm just giving you everything
you need.
I'm warming you up on a Winter
evening.
- Bye Fur-licia.
(judges laughing)
Orion Story.
- [Michelle] Somebody get
her some Benadryl, please.
(judges laugh)
- [Orion] This look is me to a
T.
I saw this fabric, and I thought
mushroom.
I rip off my mushroom cape.
(judges laughing)
And I have my three breasts
exposed.
I really just want to give the
judges
a full, sexy, weird cartoon
fantasy.
- [RuPaul] Well, you know what
they say,
third boob's a charm.
(judges laughing)
I hope you're hungry.
Kornbread with a K.
- [Michelle] Uh, Lizzo?
(Lizzo laughing)
She coming for your gig, girl.
- Yeah yeah, bitch stole my
look.
(laughing)
- [Kornbread] Right
now, the Bread done put
the menu on the table, honey.
A lot of people tell you as a
big person,
you need to cover yourself up.
Baby, I'm letting it all hang
out.
My drag is fat, Black, and
uncomfortable.
And I am every last one
of those things right now.
- [Lizzo] Where the hood,
where the hood, where the hood
at?
(judges laughing)
- [RuPaul] She's not a big pill.
She's a Willow Pill.
- [Ross] This queen is
still a little green.
- [Willow] I wanted to do a look
that has a little bit
of Willow in all of it.
It's colorful, and it's that
perfect combo of glamor,
with just a touch of ugly.
- [RuPaul] Hey Willow,
how's your head phones?
(judges gently laughing)
♪ The world is your runway ♪
(suspenseful music)
Welcome, ladies.
You are here because you are
great.
And tonight, all of you
were very enter-taint-ing.
And if you want to win,
you'll take our notes,
and continue to grow.
Now it's time for the judges'
critiques.
Up first, June Jambalaya.
(upbeat dance music)
- You came out and showed us
you have something to say.
And I thought it was beautiful.
- I thought it was meaningful.
But we were focusing on your
headband
that was falling down over your
eyes.
We saw, I think, control
top panty hose underneath.
Were there shorts on under
there?
- It was biker shorts.
- Also, tonight on the runway,
I can see the dark shorts
on under this as well.
- Tights.
- Make sure you watch
those little details.
The finishing touches
are gonna matter, June.
So think about those things.
- Are you having a moment right
now?
When you walked out here, I felt
you.
When you bring culture into your
talent,
it makes me want to know more
about you.
You and your pussy willows you
had on.
Were those pussy willows?
- Girl, I don't know what it
was.
I asked for a little jungle
feel.
I said, a little Coming to
America.
- A little Coming to America.
(all laughing)
Well keep bringing the pussy
willows.
You're a beautiful soul.
- Thank you so much.
- Up next, we've got Bosco.
- I love the name Bosco.
- Thank you.
- My drag name is Costco.
- Oh!
(laughing)
- I love burlesque because
it's always so playful.
Removing a petal at a time.
You know, he loves me, he loves
me not,
was just so whimsical.
- You've got glamor, you've
got fashion, you've got beauty.
You know how like,
Marilyn Monroe was like,
the face of a generation,
but she was also like a
fucking comedic genius?
That is that spark that
I kind of see in you.
You're great.
You made my earring fall
off, bitch. I like you.
- Is that Bluetooth?
(all laughing)
- Can you hear me now?
- Up next, Alyssa Hunter.
(upbeat music)
- Hola.
- I love that you did a rock
song.
- Thank you.
- I thought it was just
something we don't see a lot
here.
- It was, however, a bit one
note.
I just think it was a little
flat.
- You look fucking incredible
right now.
- Thank you, baby.
- But I thought I knew
who you were, and now I'm like,
I don't know who the fuck you
are.
- Your number should have been
designed
to get to know who you are and
go,
ah, I know that girl.
And I love that girl.
That's what we're looking for.
Up next, Kerri Colby.
- Howdy.
- When you came out,
and you were doing Nicki Minaj,
you were just lip syncing,
right?
As soon as you picked up the
jump rope,
that was next level.
I wish you would've gotten
to it a little sooner.
- Yeah.
- It was really impressive.
I just wanted you to go full
stupid.
To let yourself go.
- Okay.
- I really liked the look today,
because it's branding.
And that's what this is, is a
billboard.
I know that you're Kerri,
because K-K-K-K-K-K.
(all laughing)
- I'm glad you got a lot
of Ks, 'cause, (laughing),
baby, if it was just three of
'em.
(all laughing)
- Thank you, Kerri.
- Thank you.
- [RuPaul] Up next, Orion Story.
- Me?
- You make me very
uncomfortable.
(all laughing)
I don't know what's happening.
Three titties?
- Which one?
- No! Please, I'm
already triggered enough.
(all laughing)
- She's triggered by the boobs.
I'm triggered by,
look like you've been picking
cotton.
(shady music)
(all exclaiming)
- Ru!
(Lizzo wailing, RuPaul laughs)
Let's talk about your character.
First of all, I want to give you
credit
for attempting to do something
different.
I think it needs to be work
shopped a little bit more.
- You've got the fearlessness,
and so it's just about the
structure.
You gotta have joke after
joke after joke after joke.
And they gotta land.
- Up next, it's Kornbread with a
K.
- Tonight, listen.
The look itself is really
beautiful.
You chose to go
bald-headed with a wrap on,
which I love.
- Yeah.
- But I think this needs
some kind of height.
- Okay.
- Because it squashes you.
So what you want to do is
proportion-ize.
Also, there are some
holes in your fishnets.
So we gotta watch those things
and think about details.
- Yes, ma'am.
- Let's talk about what
I'm assuming is your song.
- Yes.
- The problem for me was I
couldn't understand a lot of it.
- Okay.
- We're getting every fifth or
sixth word.
- Don't be coming for my girl,
Kornbread!
I understood everything you
said.
I loved the song.
You were funny as hell.
- Thank you.
- Listen.
I speak Black folks.
(laughing)
And I think I understood
it a little bit more
than what Michelle was
understanding.
- You're a superstar.
(music cuts)
- What are you feeling?
(dramatic music)
- This has been a dream
of mine for the longest,
and I'm not a person
that cries, I'm a thug.
(laughing)
I'm not a person that cries like
that.
But it's just like
there's so much happening,
and in the best way possible.
- You're getting confirmation of
something
that you already knew your whole
life.
- Preach.
- But other people
couldn't see it.
Now you're in a place where
people
can actually see what
makes you so fantastic.
Well done tonight.
- Thank you.
- Up next, not big pill, Willow
Pill.
- This isn't my favorite look up
here.
I don't like the Kermit the Frog
hands.
(laughing)
- Like, my skin is crawling
even looking at you
with this color on your body.
(all laughing)
It's like-
But I thought your talent
was so fun.
(upbeat music)
- I still couldn't tell you
what I saw.
But I love that you brought it
here.
You got me hooked.
- What does Oprah say?
I got it.
And I fucking loved it.
I come from that world of drag.
You are incredible.
You showed us the absurdity
of all of the things
people take so seriously.
You told me about throughout
your life,
you've had health issues.
- I have gone through kidney
failure,
and dialysis and transplants.
But sometimes I feel
like I'm just swallowed
in the darkness that's in my
head.
And to translate it into humor,
and have you understand,
that just means everything to
me.
- You are here today,
living proof that laughter is
the answer.
I'm very proud of you.
- Thank you.
- Thank you, ladies.
I think we've heard enough.
While you untuck in the Werk
Room,
the judges and I will
deliberate.
(engine revving)
Alright now just between
us squirrel friends,
what do you think?
Starting with June Jambalaya.
- I like June.
She has heart, she has depth.
Yes, there's a lot of
polish that needs to happen.
- She brought her dancing skills
and her culture to this
challenge,
but when it comes to details,
she's gotta step her pussy
willows up.
(all laughing)
- That's true.
- Amen.
- [RuPaul] Bosco.
- Whereas June needs to pay
more attention to the details,
I feel like Bosco has details on
point.
- And she funny, y'all.
- Mm-hmm.
- She funny, uh oh.
I'm scared.
(laughing)
- And she's definitely got her
eye
on the fashion part of drag.
So she's gonna be a
really fun one to watch.
- [RuPaul] Alyssa Hunter from
Puerto Rico.
- The juxtaposition between
the talent show and the runway,
probably more confusing than
the toaster for me tonight.
(all laughing)
Understand the assignment
and have a through line.
- Tonight on the runway,
however,
she looked gorgeous, she sold
it,
and I hope more of that is what
turns up.
- [RuPaul] Kerri Colby.
- When she picked up that
jump rope, it was on.
She is so good at that,
and I love when we're
surprised by talents.
- What she should've had done
was come out here with the
jump rope from the gag.
- Yeah.
- Because that's when
it was interesting.
- [RuPaul] Orion Story.
(upbeat music)
- This was a bit awkward
tonight.
- Ha!
- What it was
was this character workshop
thing
that we all were part of.
She could be something very
special,
but, I mean, we're here.
- Now is the time.
- Time to let the hot
one out of the chamber.
(laughing)
- [RuPaul] Kornbread with a K.
- Kornbread might be one of the
most
naturally funny people
I've ever been around.
All I saw was a supernova in
front of me.
- Kornbread delivered.
- Amen.
- Hot corn, Jiffy corn bread,
with some syrup and butter,
honey.
Kornbread is a star.
Willow Pill.
- She gave us performance art.
- All we can ask ourselves at
this point
is if we wanna see more.
Bitch, yes I want to see more
from her.
- She breaks the fourth wall
of what humans are doing on this
planet.
It's the exact same thing
that Monty Python's Flying
Circus did.
They did mundane things,
and they made fun of everything
else
that we all take seriously.
I love her!
(claps twice)
Silence.
RuPaul, I've heard enough.
(all laughing)
(lively music)
- I'm so confused.
- Well.
- Bring back my girls.
(engine revs)
(dramatic music)
Welcome back, ladies.
I've made some decisions.
(dramatic music)
Bosco, Willow Pill.
You are safe.
You may step to the back of the
stage.
Kornbread, I've got one thing to
say.
Winner winner, chicken necklace.
(laughing)
Con-drag-ulations, you are the
winner
of this week's challenge.
(all clapping)
- Oh god fuck yeah!
- You've won a cash prize of
$5000.
- Oh bitch better have my money!
Bitch, what the fuck?
I just won the first challenge
of RuPaul's Drag Race.
I'm on top of the world.
Wow.
(all laughing)
(dramatic music)
- Kerri Colby.
You are safe.
- Thank you.
(suspenseful music)
- June Jambalaya.
Your dance was beautiful,
but the details got lost in the
weeds.
Alyssa Hunter,
your fashion was glam,
but your performance did not
rock.
Orion Story, you have a lot of
potential,
but your comedy routine
just didn't work out.
(dramatic music)
Alyssa Hunter,
you are safe.
(dramatic music)
- Thank you very much.
- You may join the other girls.
- Thank you.
- June Jambalaya, Orion Story.
I'm sorry my dears,
but you are up for elimination.
- I refuse to let this be the
end.
Oh no, ma'am.
- Two queens stand before me.
(suspenseful music)
I've consulted with the judges,
but the final decision is mine
to make.
Prior to tonight,
you were asked to prepare
a lip sync performance
of "Water Me" by Lizzo.
Ladies, this is your last
chance to impress me,
and save yourself from
elimination.
(suspenseful music)
The time has come
(thunder rumbling)
for you to lip sync
for your life!
(suspenseful music)
- I'm gonna turn out this
lip sync the way I know how.
Balls to the wall,
and do what I know how
to do, which is perform.
- Good luck,
and don't fuck it up.
("Water Me" by Lizzo)
♪ I am free, yeah yeah ♪
♪ Come water me, oh oh ♪
♪ Love you so, but if you
don't, I have to leave, oh no ♪
♪ I am free, yeah yeah ♪
♪ Come water me, oh oh ♪
♪ Love you so, but if you don't
♪
♪ I have to leave, oh no ♪
♪ Woo, it's hot ♪
♪ I think I want to kick
off both of my socks ♪
♪ I can feel it boiling up in
this pot ♪
♪ A closed mouth don't get fed ♪
♪ Is you hungry or not ♪
♪ Like brr brr, operator ♪
♪ Caboose like choo choo,
where's my trainer ♪
♪ Thank god, thank god, thank
god ♪
♪ I'm getting thicker ♪
♪ And I got 'em sweating in
the middle of the Winter ♪
♪ Get up ♪
♪ I don't get dehydrated ♪
♪ I moisturize it daily ♪
♪ I am my inspiration ♪
- I need to serve them a
hyping pot of Jambalaya.
Miss Orion is a nice lady,
but I will see her at the
reunion.
♪ Oh yeah ♪
♪ I am free, yeah yeah ♪
- Let's go Miss Orion, yeah!
♪ Come water me, oh oh ♪
♪ Love you so, but if you don't
♪
♪ I have to leave, oh no ♪
♪ I am free, yeah yeah ♪
♪ Come water me, oh oh ♪
♪ Love you so, but if you don't
♪
♪ I have to leave, oh no, ooh ♪
(RuPaul giggles)
♪ I'm so pretty and saditty ♪
♪ When these boys they after
kitty ♪
♪ I just snap and pivot ♪
♪ Uh huh, uh huh ♪
♪ Get up ♪
♪ I don't get dehydrated ♪
♪ I moisturize it daily ♪
♪ I am my inspiration ♪
♪ But I love you no limit ♪
♪ I need to know you in it ♪
♪ If you've got time
let's spend it, oh yeah ♪
♪ I am free, yeah yeah ♪
♪ Come water me, oh oh ♪
♪ Love you so, but if you don't
♪
♪ Have to leave, oh oh ♪
♪ I am free, yeah yeah ♪
♪ Come water me, oh oh ♪
♪ Love you so, but if you don't
♪
♪ I have to leave, oh oh ♪
♪ I've got to go ♪
- Period, bitch!
(all cheering, clapping)
(dramatic music)
- Ladies, I've made my decision.
(suspenseful music)
June Jambalaya, shante you stay.
(dramatic music)
- Thank you.
- Orion, your story is just
beginning.
Now, sashay away.
(clapping)
(dramatic music)
- Well boots, it's time to start
walkin'.
Bye, Ms. Three Titties
- Love you, baby.
- We love you.
- I love you.
(dramatic music)
- I definitely did not see
myself going home first.
But I think everyone back home
will be proud of what I did.
I don't have a single regret.
I put up a good fight,
but it wasn't enough.
(exciting music)
- Con-drag-ulations, ladies.
Next week, it's an all new
premiere,
with seven new queens
competing for the crown.
Until then, remember,
if you can't love yourself,
how in the hell are you
gonna love somebody else?
Can I get an amen up in here?
- [All] Amen!
- Alright now let the music
play!
(upbeat dance music)
♪ Nobody wins in the game of
love ♪
♪ You're a winner ♪
(musical flourish)
Next time on RuPaul's Drag Race.
- We survived week one,
but we got some next bitches
coming up
to come take our spot.
- I hope y'all are hungry.
To win!
(dramatic music)
(queens screaming)
- That's Alicia!
- Oh my God!
- Hi!
(queens screaming)
- Alicia Keys!
(suspenseful music)
- [RuPaul] Welcome to the CNTs.
(all laughing)
- I loved it! It was so good.
- You stood out.
I'm not sure if it was
for all the right reasons.
(shady music)
(dramatic music)
- Please let me get out of this
alive.
♪ Oh baby ♪
(dance music)
♪ A winner baby ♪
♪ You're a winner, baby ♪
♪ Nobody wins in the game of
love ♪
♪ You're a winner, baby ♪
♪ Nobody wins in the game of
love ♪
♪ You're a winner ♪
♪ MTV ♪
(musical flourish)